misty ingenuity automatic bouncer and
this Steve's slow and I got a mad baby's
arse Toys R Us
this type of Tyler bounces up and down
instead vibrates awesome just vibrated
this is the only one that just bounces
up and down okay so that's the model he
go Toys R Us and they reserved and you
get ingenuity automatic bouncer it's the
only one that bounces up and down okay I
have it here
this is what it actually looks like
frame the instructions aren't very easy
to understand so this is how here that's
how it looks like after you've
constructed it underneath it just got
the clips okay this comes right off this
way
it's got music volume okay
and that's the power button and to
bounce it you push the low button it
just bounces up and down you need a
person in there you know the see it
bounce
and then there's a heartbeat mode which
bounces like a heartbeat
if you listen to it yes that's what it
sounds like
and so the structure you got this one
piece here another piece here then it
goes under here I'm not gonna rebuild it
I don't take it apart I have it mounted
here as you can see not adhere to a
table
so it's sturdy again this comes off yeah
this thing here you hook this guy in
there so she comes off actually this I
could take off you see it comes right
off this bouncer just process up and
down inside is a weighted piece of metal
with a coil and electro-man again just
electromagnet that just bounces up
enough and I haven't wired it takes up
it takes a three C batteries you're
gonna need to buy three C batteries
alkaline overall rechargeable I've used
to charge blue and I've used a palang
but I have a wired but you're not gonna
do but I took it apart and I've wired it
so it's not gonna have this wire just
goes around it so if you want change the
batteries you got to pull this out and
then unscrew here there's one screw that
he put in the three batteries
this part comes off so just just snaps
in there what else this piece this piece
this one you have to screw in there's
one screw flip to assemble this one here
there's screws here that you need to
assemble again the instructions are
horrible so this is what it looks like
after its assemble thank you you have to
try a few times to install
it comes with the headrest to headwords
my son likes it she's got the Bernie I
sound likes he sits if like half an hour
and he gets sick of it and goes I switch
them to a swing for half an hour
say that this one does not vibrate this
is the only one that does not vibrate
well the other ones vibrate